Congratulations on taking this step toward becoming a front end web developer.
My name is David Harris.
I'm a Product Lead here at Udacity.
I'm so excited for you to begin this Nano degree program.
It's been nearly 30 years since the birth of the World Wide Web,
and there's never been a more exciting time to be a front end web developer.
Today, more than 4 billion people use the internet for communication,
commerce, entertainment, and learning.
Front end web developers make all of these incredible experiences possible,
by creating and programming the websites that connect the whole world.
Throughout this Nano degree program you'll create
five websites using the latest technology in web development.
You'll build your own blog,
a product marketing site,
an online weather journal,
a sentiment analysis app,
and a travel planning site.
Over the next few months,
you'll be sharpening your skills as a web developer,
and you'll come out on the other side with
a portfolio of front end web development projects you'll be proud of.
Welcome to Udacity, I think you're going to like it here.